[Dio] North latitude,
28 degrees 24 minutes.
West longitude,
80 degrees 36 minutes.
Go there and wait patiently
for the next new moon.
And that place
is at Cape Canaveral.
Space Center, to be precise.
[suspenseful music]
The time is the new moon.
Six days from now.
Let's face the facts,
my old man would never
let that priest get away.
My name is Jolyne Cujoh!
It's up to me to seal what
that bastard just obtained.
It's a prison break. And we're
about to leave any minute.
Then I think
you gotta take me with you.
[Ermes] So we're finally saying
adios to the Aquarium, huh?
[Jolyne] I thought this place
was horrendous
when I first got locked up.
But now that I look back...
[both] It's clear...
it really was a shithole.
[Emporio panting]
So that's the gas station.
And this is a bus stop.
Are we gonna
be taking the bus here?
I've never actually
been on one before.
You realize we're
escaped convicts, right?
We'll get caught the second
we set foot on the bus.
Yeah, but if we're going
after the priest
there's no way we'll be able
to catch up to him on foot.
We know, we just have
to find another way.
[dramatic revelation music]
[theme music]
[Anastasia] Back up,
Weather Forecast.
What did you say?
Jolyne is gone.
She's no longer in the
women's ward or in her cell.
I can feel it in the air.
She's finally free.
My guess is she pulled off
a prison break.
[gasps]
[Anastasia] Hey, hang on.
[Anastasia gasps]
A birthmark shaped like a star.
[Weather] Hmm.
[Anastasia]
Who the hell are you?
I've seen that star-shaped
birthmark somewhere before
in the same place on the back
of The Green Baby's neck.
And supposedly,
Jolyne's father bears a mark
that shares the same shape.
You'd better think hard
if you can't remember.
How exactly did you end up
at Green Dolphin?
Since you have no memory,
does that mean it's safe
to assume that the priest
extracted your memory disc
like all the others?
He's my enemy.
That's all that I can tell you.
I need to learn the truth,
so I'm breaking out of here
to find him and end him.
What will you do?
[tense music]
[radio anchor]
This just in.
Two convicts have broken out of
Green Dolphin Street
State Prison
and are currently on the run.
The escaped convicts are
Jolyne Cujoh
and Ermes Costello.
Photos of the two have
been released to the public.
Please contact us with
any information.
[Father Pucchi]
Jolyne, it sounds as though
you've defeated
Mew Mew's Stand,
and you're intent
on finding me.
[car rattling]
Huh?
-Why'd the car stop moving?
-[car engine rumbling]
There's still plenty of gas
in the tank.
Something like this
has never happened.
I always take care
of my vehicle.
[Father Pucchi gasps]
Hmm.
[car engine rumbling]
I've got some bad news, Father.
This is as far as I can go.
My apologies.
Please let me call
another cab for you.
Thank you.
But there is no need.
I'm not in any hurry.
[Father Pucchi] I have a week
until I'm born anew.
And I'm still
in terrible physical condition.
Just five more days
until the new moon.
Guess I can wait it out
in this town.
I'll need to keep Jolyne and
her friends away at all costs.
[police sirens blaring]
[suspenseful music]
[medic 1] Hurry,
he's going into cardiac arrest!
[officer] This burglar was shot
in the leg by an officer
then proceeded to jump off
the sixth floor of a building!
[thrilling music]
[medic 2] We've got
a biker punk over here!
He drove against
the flow of traffic
and slammed into
the median strip.
[medic 3]
What the hell is going on?
This drug addict
is going into shock!
[ring clanging]
[suspenseful music]
[blood squelching]
[clattering]
[officer screams]
Hm.
[grunts]
All right, listen up! Stay back
or the priest gets it!
Careful, the druggy's awake
and out of control!
Damn it! He cut me
with those scissors!
Don't you point
those fucking guns at me!
No way!
There ain't no way in hell
I'm gonna let you lock me up!
[slow suspenseful music]
Requesting backup.
There's a hostage situation
at the hospital.
Hey, shit for brains!
What the hell did you just say?
Are you stupid
or do you want this guy to die?
You really pissed me off now!
This fucker's throat is about
to get stabbed because of you!
Earlier tonight,
I saw shooting stars
in the sky above.
-Three, to be precise.
-Huh?
[Father Pucchi]
Just three.
Clearly streaking
across the sky.
[grunting]
May I ask where you came from?
Do you three have any idea
-who it is you truly are?
-[Ungalo gasps]
[grunts]
[Ungalo gasps]
-[Father Pucchi groaning]
-Shit, the psycho stabbed him!
Wait a sec, that wasn't me!
No, it wasn't,
however, if you were to move
this blade another millimeter,
it would certainly sever
a vital nerve in my neck.
What a coincidence.
Fortunately, this stab wound
does not appear to be fatal.
What will you do?
It's your decision.
Do you want to move
the scissors a bit or not?
[Ungalo whimpers]
But first, answer me this,
do you believe in gravity?
Do you think there's a force
that draws certain individuals
together?
Personally, this moment
has made me a believer.
You are not capable
of killing me.
You are here because
my gravitational pull
led you to me.
Don't you see that
you shouldn't be
wasting your energy
on useless drugs?
No, you should be
using your energy
on something much wiser.
[whimpers]
Fuck this!
[gunshots]
[groans]
[dramatic music]
From the looks of things,
where it pertains
to who your father really is
the three of you
are left in the dark.
But that won't last
much longer.
[dramatic music]
Now that we've
been brought together,
you will understand everything
soon enough.
[dramatic music]
[rain pattering]
[old man groaning]
Oh, thank you very much.
I'm fine.
Sorry to bother you.
This is nothing.
Just an old knee injury
from my carpentry days.
When it rains,
my joints start to twinge.
[Weather]
When it rains your knee hurts.
Sure does.
Thanks for showing me
some kindness.
[Anastasia]
Stop getting into
random strangers' business,
Weather.
We're still fugitives,
remember?
Our faces are blasted
all over the news.
The geezer might report us.
Our best bet is to steal a car
and get the hell out of Dodge
immediately.
[Weather]
No stolen cars.
It'll be too easy
for them to track us.
And then we'll never lose them.
Chasing the priest
would become impossible.
You're not suggesting
we take the bus, are you?
How long are we supposed to
wait till the next one comes?
-[old man] Oh, hey fellas.
-[both gasp]
[old man] You thinking
of taking the bus?
It won't be here
for another hour.
How about I give you boys
a ride on my truck?
You'll have to hop in
the back though.
Maybe it's because you were
so kind to me earlier,
but I'm feeling
better than ever.
The pain in my knees
was awful moments ago,
but it's miraculously gone.
The sky feels
so refreshing, too.
Uh.
[gentle bright music]
[breathing heavily]
Weather Forecast.
Call it luck. We should
take his offer, Anastasia.
[gentle bright music]
[distant sirens blaring]
So how's Jolyne
getting around right now?
She is still safe, isn't she?
Jolyne is currently
heading north.
Of that I'm certain.
At any rate, we need
to be heading north as well.
[Anastasia]
There's a famous theme park
in the city up north.
You ever been there?
Oh, you wouldn't remember.
At this theme park,
the mascot's
a really famous character.
Perhaps you might even
know him... [gasps]
[paper rustling]
[Anastasia] This guidebook
is a total piece of crap.
It doesn't even show any
of the famous characters in it!
[whooshing]
-Uh...
-[gasps]
[mysterious music]
Hey! Something's
running around back here!
Could it be an enemy?
Diver Drive!
I got it!
[whooshing]
You sure? I still
see something darting around.
Yeah, well.
I got this one for sure.
-[groaning]
-[Anastasia] But what the hell
is this thing?
[suspenseful music]
-[groaning]
-Be on the alert,
Weather Forecast.
The Stand User
must be somewhere.
There's zero chance
this old man's the Stand User.
There's no reason
to show up the way he did.
He could have just attacked us
from anywhere.
If it's not him, it must be
someone else in the area.
Just like you're able to sense
where Jolyne is going,
maybe the priest
can sense us getting closer
and is sending his lackeys
to stop us from getting to him.
Now, who the hell are you?
Tell us!
[Pinocchio] You...
You really shouldn't do that.
Please stop choking me,
it hurts!
You're gonna make children
all over the world very sad!
Hm.
Is that so?
For real though,
I can't breathe...
Come on, give it a rest.
Seriously, man. I'm beggin' ya.
There's another little bastard
hiding on this truck too.
Yeah, you two working together?
Uh, nuh-uh. I work alone.
[groans]
-[Pinocchio] Whoa.
-[Anastasia grunts]
[Pinocchio] My bad, man.
So sorry about that.
I swear it wasn't on purpose.
[Anastasia] You son of a...
Ah, honestly, my nose just
grows on its own sometimes.
You know,
it's sort of like a reflex.
See, whenever I tell a lie,
my nose gets all long and junk.
And I just lied
straight to your face.
But what I told you
wasn't exactly a complete lie.
So basically, I might not
be working with somebody,
but that doesn't mean
that I'm alone necessarily.
Yeah.
Oh. Hey, check it out.
This proves I'm not lying.
You believe me now, right?
-Ow.
-You little shit. What are you?
Didn't I say to stop
being so violent?
It feels kinda weird
saying this about myself,
but I think
I'm a pretty good guy.
I'm definitely nice
to children, at least.
Actually,
I might have been your friend
when you were younger.
Oh yeah, that's right,
speaking of friends,
I think the seven of them are
hiding around here somewhere.
I saw three of the seven guys
a minute ago. See?
Someone's been snacking
on that apple over there.
[both gasp]
[ominous music]
[Anastasia]
Hey, Weather, you seeing this?
What the fuck is going on?
[grunts]
Just so you know,
that apple isn't poisonous.
It's okay to eat.
Yeah, but the one
Snow White ate was poisonous.
No, she didn't actually eat it,
she choked on a piece of it.
So technically
she didn't digest it.
But, I mean,
who would eat an apple
from an old lady
they didn't know?
Even on Valentine's day,
we're careful about
the chocolates
we put in our mouths.
Although it's
that carelessness of hers
that makes you want to protect
her with your whole life.
[eerie music]
Holy shit!
ow many of you are there?
We've got some more company,
Weather!
[Pinocchio]
Chill, chill,
there's nothing to panic
about here, buddy.
Who were you a fan of
when you were a kid?
You know,
who's your favorite character?
Maybe it was little ol' me?
Personally, I've got a thing
for The Terminator T-1000,
that guy ain't
on the truck though.
Me and my bro like Chewbacca.
And The Elephant Man, too.
But no matter what,
our Princess Snow White
is the best character ever!
[all dwarves] Heigh-ho!
We know all the rumors
about us,
like how we like to
sneak into a girl's panties
and do dirty things to her,
but they're lies!
Our relationship is platonic
all the way!
[all dwarves] Yeah!
[soft grunt]
[Anastasia]
These... these guys are...
They're so familiar.
I know them.
I mean, I know who they are.
But what the hell's going on?
[announcer]
We have breaking news.
Today at 1:30 p.m.,
Batman suddenly disappeared
from all over the world.
-I repeat,N-Huh...
the beloved Batman is gone.
Paintings and prints of him
have also faded
and we're currently
investigating
the cause of this phenomenon.
We've received several reports
of other famous characters
vanishing as well.
You hear that, Weather?
Are these little freaks
who I think they are?
Does this mean
they've been brought to life?
But why? What's the purpose?
[gasps]
Hm.
[crunching]
Uh?
Hey. Who are you a fan of?
Do you like me?
I'm sorry,
but I don't know who you are.
Now go away or I'll kill you.
[groans]
What the hell, Weather? Did you
really just take my stuff?
I was in the middle
of reading that, you know!
[Anastasia] Give it back!
[grunts]
Where are you, Anastasia?
Hey, Anastasia?
Where did you go?
Hey, old man, stop the truck!
-But why?
-[dwarf 1] What's wrong?
Weather, what is it?
-[Weather] I said, pull over!
-[Pinocchio screams]
Oh, damn. That ain't good.
-Yeah, it's bad.
-Good heavens, you guys!
Stop the damn truck, Gramps!
Can you hear me say "stop"?
What is it?
What's going on, Weather?
[suspenseful music]
[Anastasia gasps]
Weather! What the hell?
There's a body being dragged
underneath the truck.
And it's mine!
What the fuck is going on?
Why is my body down there?
[Pinocchio] Looks like
you've been separated, huh?
But anyway, you used to like me
a long time ago, right?
I knew you were a fan.
No! Shit!
At this rate,
it'll get caught in the tires.
Hey, Weather, make him
stop the truck. [gasps]
[gasps]
[ominous music]
Wait, could he be...
-[thudding]
-[grunts]
Oh, goddamn it!
We're gonna crash!
[crashing]
[pensive music]
[Anastasia grunts]
I made an airbag
with Weather Forecast.
You all right?
How did you manage to fall
out of the truck so suddenly?
[groans]
I'm pretty sure
this is a Stand User's doing,
but I have no idea
why you were
the only one
who was targeted.
If I were to wager a guess,
I'd say it has something
to do with my ignorance
of these characters.
That must be the reason.
-[Pinocchio grunting]
-Come on, Weather!
Did the wreck damage your eyes,
or can you just not see me?
And is that my body
that's limp in your arms?
Everyone okay?
[dwarves] Yeah!
But where's the princess?
Is she okay too?
She flew out of the truck
and got thrown towards
that burger shop.
Let's help her!
Hey, look!
Anybody know those guys?
[dwarf 2]
I know 'em,
but it ain't like I'm friends
with them or anything.
They're Japanese!
They've got some cool designs
but they're totally overrated.
The characters from
stories and comics
are brought into reality.
And in addition to that,
this Stand has the ability
to separate someone's soul
from their body.
That's the secret behind
the Stands, right?
Answer me, Pinocchio!
If you fantasy fucks are Stands
then where is the Stand User?
[Pinocchio]
I... I don't know, buddy.
I honestly have no idea
what's going on.
I mean, I'm just Pinocchio.
But why does something
like that even matter?
You could live your life as a
hero in the fantasy world too.
The possibilities are endless.
Your soul split from your body
because that's what
you truly wished would happen.
It's the realm where everyone
wishes to go.
Bohemian Ecstatic.
Home of the rhapsody
of freedom.
[groans]
[Anastasia] Just shut up.
If you refuse to answer
my question,
I'll resort to more violence.
[Pinocchio] Wait! Hold on
a sec. Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey! What the hell
do you think you're doing?
Children all across this small
world of ours are on my side!
You bastard! This is not
how the story's supposed to go!
[Pinocchio screams]
Where'd Weather go?
I can't afford to be separated
from him and my body.
[old man groaning]
Wait!
Please just wait!
Hey, old man,
you're the one who caused
the accident in the first place
so we're leaving.
Oh, hold on. Please, wait.
I can't hear you very well.
Huh?
As you see,
I have quite a lot of hair
growing on my ears these days.
Come closer, would you?
I don't have time for this.
Just sit tight and wait.
I'm sure someone will show up
soon and call you an ambulance.
Did you hurt your fingers too?
Your nails are cracked.
That's not it.
I just have large hands.
All the better for hugging you
with, as thanks for helping me.
By the way,
your pants are ripped
and something's
coming out of there.
Oh, this is just
a feather duster.
Your pants must have gotten
pretty dirty
when you saved my life.
How about you let me
dust them off for ya?
Hey, are you all right?
Your mouth is getting
freakishly big.
That's right! All the better
to devour you with,
Little Red Riding Hood!
[eerie tune]
[growls]
Diver Drive!
[groans]
This ending
is just like the story.
A what?
Did he just say "story"?
Weather!
[dramatic music]
[Weather] I have a feeling
that Pinocchio, the dwarves
and the other characters
aren't the actual Stands.
The Stand User and their
ability exist elsewhere
as separate entities and they
brought these beings to life.
Towards the north.
Somewhere not too far away.
That's the direction I sense
the enemy's ability
coming from.
Pinocchio was just
the beginning.
The Stand User
must be taken down.
[Anastasia] Weather!
Can't you hear what I'm saying?
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]